---
layout: post
title: "I'm Awake"
author: Exit
date: 2021-10-23 12:09:48 -0000
categories: fiction
featured: true
---


## Chapter 1

"I'm awake."  

Filbert heard the sound of footsteps nearby.  "What the devil is this?"  He pondered, dubiously, his surroundings -- an active, chaotic battlefield -- seemed unlikely and somehow very wrong.  "What am I doing here?  Am I a even a soldier?"   finding no memory of his means or purpose of being in a battlefield, he had to assume he had gone through a trauma to the head.

He decided to get his bearings, which turned out to be completely impossible.  Instead of the usual, normal, expected, usual sky he was used to, and even had grown to love; instead of that, he saw a dark red sky with brown hazy clouds that looked menacing, and probably toxic.  He saw not one, but three neighborhood stars.  The nearest was almost as bright as the moon, but the nowhere near as bright or warm as the sun.

After getting a solid, if meaningless, lay of the land and the sky, he felt even more disoriented than he was before.  "What are we even fighting here, anyway?  That is,"  he thought aloud, "who are the enemies, and for that matter who are we?" 

"We're the good guys, Filbert."  He hadn't been prepared to actually receive a response to his question.  He hadn't even realized he was thinking out loud until he was already hearing the gruff and strange voice.  

"I..  see.  I meant, rather, what am I meant to be doing here?"  Almost immediately Filbert started feeling nervous as to whether this was a superior or a fellow soldier, or even worse if he himself was the superior.  

"Better to err on the side of caution,"  he thought, this time silently, before asking the man in front of him "Right.  The good guys.  Remind me who the bad guys are?"  The man looked at Filbert sideways for a moment, but humored him nonetheless.  "The zombies, of course ...  are you feeling okay, Filbert?  We don't have time for this."  

Then, it flashed on him.  Filbert became acutely aware of the worrying lack of any military experience in his mind or person.  "If I'm supposed to be a soldier,"  he thought, "why don't I remember any training?  In fact, I don't even remember entering into any sort of military in the first place!" 

Shortly after, he processed what had been said.  "Zombies?  They're ..."  in a panic, he decided it would be best to pass out.  If he was lucky, everything would go away by the time he woke up.  After all, it had never failed him yet.

## Chapter 2

"I'm awake", thought a dazed Filbert.  

He looked around and decided he must be in some kind of medical tent.  "That's better than the field, I suppose."  He sits up and starts trying to piece some sense of normalcy together in his head, even if made up.  "Yes, yes of course.  I've just been dreaming a dream of another kind of life, that's all.  Just as Zhuangzi suggested in speaking of his dream of the butterfly.  This not being so much about the thing itself in actuality, but the subjective experience that holds truth."  The thought soothed him for a moment.  But soon, uncomfortably soon, he remembered about the zombies.  Besides that, he still had no notion as to the butterfly part of this equation.
